Example of task with p2p and regular course homeworks repos (#243)
kottans/frontend: tasks/js-oop.md

> 1. You did a lot already! If you honestly finished all the previous steps then go ahead

Reviewer: IMO, this part can be moved elsewhere because it is repeated from task to task? 🤔

   and share it with others –
   post a message in [course channel][chat]:
   `Object Oriented JS — #done`(or `Object Oriented JS — #p2p-pr-done` if you are p2p course student)  and add the link to your repo. **This step is important, as it helps mentors to track your progress!**
1. You will require code review for a coding subtask from (1)

>    - If you are **p2p course** student follow next [instructions](https://github.com/Oodmincheg/frontend-2019-p2p/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Author: it depends. Instructions take place in CONTRIBUTING.md. Sot it can be confusing for student follow the link and see general description about p2p-homework repo. This wasn't a problem, cause in kottans-homework repo instructions take place in README.md.

>    - If you are **p2p course** student follow next [instructions](https://github.com/Oodmincheg/frontend-2019-p2p/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Author: I propose don't do move instruction into README.md in p2p-homework too. I rememeber your thoughts about conributing. but in will be a little mess for students who already have started the course. and it isn't a contribunting in the strictest sense of the word.

>    - If you are **p2p course** student follow next [instructions](https://github.com/Oodmincheg/frontend-2019-p2p/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: Do you mean all instructions in `readme.md`? So we will not have `contributing.md`?

LGTM.

>    - If you are **p2p course** student follow next [instructions](https://github.com/Oodmincheg/frontend-2019-p2p/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Author: Yes. I mean that p2p-homework will not have <contributing.md> like kottans-homework. and links will be forward to the repos(readme.me) in both variants. I can close PR's and do some changes?

>    - If you are **p2p course** student follow next [instructions](https://github.com/Oodmincheg/frontend-2019-p2p/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer 2: @Oodmincheg Let's try having contribution rules in `frontend-2019-p2p/README.md`. Anyway it will contain link to `code-review-guidelines.md`

>    - If you are **p2p course** student follow next [instructions](https://github.com/Oodmincheg/frontend-2019-p2p/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: IMO, we can drop this one `code-review-guidelines.md` and merge content into `readme.md`.

>    - If you are **p2p course** student follow next [instructions](https://github.com/Oodmincheg/frontend-2019-p2p/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer: Yeah, I like an idea. We can split it after we will have what to split.

>    - If you are **p2p course** student follow next [instructions](https://github.com/Oodmincheg/frontend-2019-p2p/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - If you are a **p2p course** student, please, follow [these instructions](https://github.com/kottans/frontend-2019-p2p/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md)
```

>    - If you are student of online kottans course follow next [instructions](https://github.com/Oodmincheg/frontend-2019-homeworks/blob/master/README.md)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - If you are a student of the **offline** Kottans course, please, follow [these instructions](https://github.com/kottans/frontend-2019-homeworks/blob/master/README.md)
```
